Israel has threatened Al jer's
correspondent in Gaza yumna aled telling
her and her family to leave their home
or risk being killed Israeli forces
called her husband warning the family to
evacuate they have been told to travel
further south but there are no safe
routs out of the area on Tuesday the
family of alzer's Gaza bureau chief
while ddu was killed in an air strike he
lost his wife son daughter and his
grandson earlier my colleague Laura Kyle
spoke to yumna during intense Israeli
strikes in her
neighborhood the message or the phone
call that we received was from a private
number he literally said uh he he he
gave my husband's full name and told him
that this is the Israel army we are
telling you to evacuate South because uh
in the coming hours it's going to be
very dangerous in the area where you are
uh my husband told him that we know that
there are intrusions or an Israeli tank
and other tanks in Salah Street and
that's the main street tying Gaza to the
South and he said I can't answer you on
which route you would take but Main
Street could could be relatively safer
you should find out which one yourself
but you need to move now so um my
husband asked him
should we make this journey
now yumna if you are able to tell us
what you hearing now these are
bombardments just around our
neighborhood um you can hear how loud
they are our building is literally
shaking now we can see a black smoke
everywhere from the window so these air
strikes by the way have been going for a
while now extensively in the area of
Gaza City I don't even know where
exactly they are as I see smoke from uh
more than one
direction well following that Al jazer
has issued a statement saying it
condemns the Israeli threat to Al jaer
journalist yum El said and her family in
the Gaza Strip her family received a
threat it says claiming to be from
Israeli forces a forcing them to leave
their homes as the area where the
journalist resides is currently under
heavy Israeli bombardment this vile
threat comes only a few days after the
indiscriminate killing of the family of
alzer's arabic's journalist while ALU
who were asked to move South before
being bombed Israel's actions continue
with impunity as they attempt to silence
a messenger Al deser strongly condemns
these acts of violence and calls on
International institutions to intervene
and to protect journalists and all
innocent
civilians well Stefan Dar the spokesman
for the United Nations Secretary General
offered his support to journalists in
Gaza it's a badge of honor that in the
midst of conflict uh your colleagues of
of not just Al jazer but others that
remain there remain to tell the story um
it's it's it's it's a mark of immense
courage and uh we need to make sure that
they remain safe and they remain
protected